Update how-to-authenticate-an-imap-pop-smtp-application-by-using-oaut… (#99)
MicrosoftDocs/office-developer-exchange-docs: docs/legacy-protocols/how-to-authenticate-an-imap-pop-smtp-application-by-using-oauth.md

Learn how to use OAuth authentication to connect with IMAP, POP or SMTP protocols and access email data for Office 365 users.

> > OAuth2 support for IMAP, POP, SMTP protocols as described below is supported for both Office365 and Outlook.com users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> OAuth2 support for IMAP, POP, SMTP protocols as described below is supported for both Microsoft 365 (which includes Office on the web) and Outlook.com users.
```
